w PREFACE.

certing measures of resistance. In the parliament that met in
J anuary, 1532, the strange relations now subsisting between
the church and the state were frequently and earnestly dis-
cussed. lhe whole question ¹was ultimately laid before the
king in a petition presented to him by the house of commone
on the 18th of March, and containing, together with the state-
ment of other grievances, the following representation:

“ That· the olergy of this your reahn being your highness’s
subjecte, in the convocation by them holden within this your
realm have made and daily make sanctione or laws concerning
temporal things, and some of thern be repugnant to the lawe
and statutos of your realm, not having ne requiring your most
royal assent to the earne lewe so by them made, neither any
assentur knowledge of your said lay subjecte is had to the
same, neither to thern published and known in their mother
tongue ; albeit divers and sundry of the said lawe extend in
certain causes to your excellent person, your liberty and pre-
rogative royal, and to the interdiction of your lande and pos-
sessione, and so likewise to the goods and possessione of your
lay subjecte, declaring the infringers of the law so by them
made not only to incur into the terrible sentence of excommu-
nication, but also the detestable crime and sin of heresy ; by

the which divers of your most humble and obedient lay sub· ¹

jects be brought into this ambiguity, whether they may do and Α

, execute your laws according to your jurisdiction royal of this

realm, for dread of the same censures and pains comprised in
the same laws so by them made in tbe convocatione, to the
great trouble and inquietation of your said humble and obedi-
ent lay subjecta, and to the impeachment of your jurisdiction
and prerogative royal.’'

·This petition having been referred by the king to the oon-
vocation which was then sitting, an answer was prepared by
that body with the view of conciliating his favour, without
surrendering the independence of the churcb, and was de-
livered by Henry to the house of commone after he had
himself examined it, with a plain intimation that it was not
mtisfactory. Knowing the sentimenta of their royal master,
and feeling the extreme danger of their situation, the convoca-

¹ Wilkins, Cone. vol. 3. p. 751.

 

