1⁵7¹] lemnum. roo

nothing be ordeyned against Godr werde. Whosoeuer
through hie priuato iudgemenh wyllyngly end purpooely
doth openly hreeke the traditione and oeremoniee ol the
Ghnreh, which be not repugneunt ιο the worde of Gon,
end be ordoyned and epproued by common aucthoritiezs
ought to be rebuked openly, (that other may feere ιο do
the lyke) os he that offendeth egeynet the Common order
of the churehe, end hurteth the euothon'tie of the
Memorato, end woundeth the eonscienoee of the weeke
brothton. ro

Euery particuler or nationell Ohurehe, harh enothontie
to ordeine, ohnunge, end eboliehe ceremoniee or rites of
the Ghurehe ordeyned onlye by mans aucthoritie, so thet
nll thinges be done ιο edifiyng.

35. OfHomilrhs. 15

The eeoonde booke of Homssies, the eenernll titles
wherof we hene ioyned vnder this article, doth eonteyne
egodly end wholesome doctrine, and neeessarie forthere
tymes, esdoth the former booke of Homilies, whiohe
were eet foorth in the time ol Edwarde the sixt: andro
therefore we iudge them to be read in Churohes by the
h1inietere diligently, ond distinotly, that they may be
vnderetended of the people.

Os tle nomer (ff lle Homilier.

l Of the n'ght voe of the Ghurohe.

2 Agaynet perill of Idoletrie.

8 Of repeyring end keping eleane of Ghurohes.
4 Of good workes, first of fnetyng.

5 Ageynet gluttony end drunkennesee.

6 Agninet exoesee of apparell

7 Of prayer.

8 of the pleoe end time of prayer.

 

