roos] Conantem end Conona Ecdceicstical. 348

himself delivered unto them by his prophets3 notwith-
standing that now and then some of them were of the
tribe of Levi, and consequently in other causes were
subject unto them; or, that the examples of the true
prophete were any lawful warrant, either for any falses
prophete, or for any other person or persons whatsoevcr,
to have railed, libelled, threatened, or denouncad the
judgments of God against any of tha said priests, accord-
ing to their own malicious humours (God himself having
never given thern any such warrant or foreknowledge to10
pronounce of such particular judgments to come): or, that ,
because tha high-priest, and the rest of the priests did
amisa in the malioious prosecution of God’s true prophete,
they might not therefore lawfully take order for the
punishment of false prophets; he doth greatly err. 15

XXV. If any man shall affirm, either that the propheta
were to blame for dealing so sharply with kings and

princes, being their sovereigns, as though God’s express
commandments had not been sufficient to have authorized
them ιο to have dealt3 or, that the example of God’s20
prophets in this behalf were a sufficient warrant for any
false propheta, or other lewd persons, to have railed and
libelled against their kings, or to have denounced such
judgments against them, as they in mallee either desired
or vainly imagined; or, that any prophete, priests, or 25
other persons, having no direct and express command
from God, might lawfully imitate the said facts, either of
Samuel or of Elizeus, in anointing and designing suc-
cessors to kings, which otherwise had no just interest,
title and claim to their kingdoms; or that it is lawfirlao
for any captain or subject, high or low whosoever, to bear
arms against their sovereign, or to lay violent hands upon
his sacred person, by the example of Jehu, (notwith-
standing that any prophet or priest should incite them
thereunto, by unction or any other means whatsoever335

 

