1604] 00000000 aaa cavom nessaeo rsa

01 110 place where the offence shall 10 committed. And
11 001 such minister shall afterwards remove from the
place where he bath committed that fault, before he be
suspended, as is aforesaid, then shall the hishop 01 110
diocese, or ordinary of the place where be remaineth,5
upon certificate under the hand and seal 01 110 01101
ordinary, from whose jurisdiction he removed, execute
that censure upon him.

LXIV. Ministera 0010111011 10 bid Helu-days.

Every parson, vicar, or curate, shall in his several ro
charge declare to the people, every Suuday at the time
appointed in the communion-book, whether there be any
holy-days or tasting-days the week following. And if any
do hereafter wittingly offend beneio, and being once ad-
monished thereos by bis ordinary, shall again omit that15
duty, let him 10 censured according to lau, until 10 sub·
mit himself to the due performance 01 11.

LXV. Minium 0010101111 10 deportate 1100000010 und
Eacommunicates.

All ordinaries shall, in their sev'eral jurisdictione, care-20
hrlly see and give order, that as well those who for
obstinate rehrsing to frequent divine service established
by public authority within this realm 01 England‚ as
those also (especially 01 110 101101 0011 and condition)
who 101 notorious conturnacy, or other notable crimes, ²5
stand lawfully excommunicate, (unless within three months
immediately after the said sentence 01 excommunication
pronounced against thern, they reform themselves, and
obtain tbe benefit of absolution) be every six months en-

* , suing, as well 10 110 ρο1101-010101, as in the cathedral30

ohuroh 01 110 diocese in which they remaiu, by the
minister openly in time of divine service, upon some
Sunday, denounced and declared excommunicate, that
others may be thereby both admonished to refrnin their

 

